Update Kafka and Kafka Consumer README and dashboard (#15141)
DataDog/integrations-core: kafka_consumer/README.md

This Agent check only collects metrics for message offsets. If you want to collect JMX metrics from the Kafka brokers or Java-based consumers/producers, see the kafka check.

> If you would benefit from visualizing the topology of your streaming data pipelines, or investigating localized bottlenecks within your data streams set up, check out [Data Streams Monitoring][16].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would benefit from visualizing the topology of your streaming data pipelines, or from investigating localized bottlenecks within your data streams setup, check out [Data Streams Monitoring][16].
```
